Create WPI's Acuator documentation (#26)
Daltz333/frc-docs: source/docs/software/actuators/overview.rst

Actuator Overview
==================

This section discusses the control of motors and pneumatics
through speed controllers, solenoids and pneumatics, and
their interface with C++ and Java WPILib.

> 

Reviewer: delete excessive newlines

Speed controllers
------------------------

A speed controller is responsible on your robot for making motors move.
For brushed DC motors such as CIMs or 775s, the speed controller regulates
the voltage that the motor recieves, much like a light bulb. For
brushless speed controllers such as the Spark MAX, the controller regulates
the power delivered to each "phase" of the motor.

> .. hint:: 

Reviewer: This may not be the place to suggest doing this to teams, at least not without supporting documentation.

    One can make a quick, non-competition-legal speed controller by
    removing the motor from a cordless BRUSHED drill and attaching
    PowerPoles or equivilants to the motor's leads. Make sure that
    the voltage supplied by the drill will not damage the motor,
    but note that the 775 is fine at up to 24 volts.

.. warning::
    Connecting a BRUSHLESS motor controller straight to power, such

>     as in the manor described above, will desroy the motor!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    as in the manner described above, will destroy the motor!
```
